Hi, guys, in this lesson, we're going to go into Amazon S3 and we're going to create a S3 bucket
in the console here, which you can find under services storage as free.
We can see the buckets that we have.
I've got one bucket, which is something we'll use later on in the course.
Now, in the top right hand corner, you can see that the scope is global so you don't have to choose
a region, but the actual bucket here is within a specific region.
So really, remember that for the exam, it's very important.
The scope is global because the URLs that we access as free with are global, but your data is always
stored within a single region unless you can figure out otherwise.
So try and choose regions that are closest to your end users.
Now I'm going to click on, create buckets, give it a bucket name, which has to be unique globally.
Choose a region.
So I'm going to choose us east North Virginia here.
You can copy settings from another bucket if you want it.
Public access is blocked by default.
If we want to enable public access to our data, we must disable this option and then configure public
access, which will see how to do a bit later on.
We can enable versioning so we keep different versions of our objects, but I'll leave that disabled.
For now, we can add tanks and we can enable encryption, which will go into and a lot more detail later
on in this section.
So I'm happy with the defaults.
Let's just create this bucket.
So that's it.
I now have my DCT cloud storage bucket.
And if I go into this bucket, you'll see there are several different tabs at the top here, and we
can upload files and create folders within our buckets.
Now we're going to explore the various different tabs here and the different features available as we
go through this section.
For now, all I want to do is upload a couple of objects to my buckets.
So after clicking on Upload, I can add files and I'm going to choose these to JPG images and click
on Upload.
We can now specify the properties for objects.
So if we just select this option down here.
So firstly, we get the option to store objects in a different storage class.
I'll leave standard selected.
Now you may notice there's an additional storage closet called reduced redundancy.
This is a legacy storage class, and it's not really covered on the exam anymore.
We can then specify encryption settings for all specific objects.
So we might have different encryption settings for different objects and different storage classes for
different objects or within the same buckets.
I'll leave this switched off for now.
You can enable tags for your objects and also add metadata.
So if you want to add some information to describe your data, you can add it in there.
Of course, all this can be done programmatically as well.
So all I need to do here is click on Upload and we're going to see that are two objects will very quickly
be uploaded to S3 buckets.
So that was successful.
Let's click on close.
And now, back in our bucket, we can see we have a couple of objects, and if we select one of these
objects, we'll see that the object has a URL.
Now we do have public access disabled, so we won't be able to access this publicly at this stage.
We would have to change that, which will do a bit later on in the section.
But this is the URL with which we will be able to access our data if it's made publicly available or
if we have the permissions on the left hand side.
Here, you can see the key and the key is just the file name.
So remember, the key is the file name.
The value is the data moving back up to the top.
You can also see the permissions.
So we have an access control list here, and then we have the access control list back up in the permissions
of the bucket as well just here, as well as some options for adding a policy to the bucket, which
we'll cover in another lesson.
So that's some basic navigation around the console.
You know now how to create a bucket and upload objects to your bucket.
In the next lesson, we're going to start looking into the access control options for our buckets and
for the data in our buckets and a bit more detail.